Background
---------
The CSS background property used to background effects for elements

CSS has several following property 
-----------------------------------
1)What is the use of the background property in CSS?
Answer: It is a shorthand property to set background-color, image, position, repeat, and attachment in one line.

2)How does the background-color property work?
Answer: It sets the background color of an element.

3)What are the possible values for background-repeat?
Answer: repeat, no-repeat, repeat-x, repeat-y, space, round.

4)How do you set a background image using CSS?
Answer: background-image: url("image.jpg");

5)What does the background-attachment property do?
Answer: It sets whether the background image scrolls with the page (scroll) or stays fixed (fixed).

6)What is the purpose of background-position?
Answer: It sets the position of the background image.

7)What is the default value of background-repeat?
Answer: The default is repeat.

8)How do you stop a background image from repeating?
Answer: Use background-repeat: no-repeat;

9)Can a background be applied to inline elements like <span>?
Answer: Yes, but it works better if the element is inline-block or block.

10)What is the shorthand background property used for?
Answer: To set multiple background properties in one line.

11)What is the correct order of values in the shorthand background?
Answer: color image repeat attachment position

12)What’s the difference between background-attachment: scroll and fixed?
Answer: scroll moves with content; fixed stays in place.

13)How do you center a background image?
Answer: background-position: center center;

14)Can you use both color and image as a background?
Answer: Yes, using background: color url("image.jpg");

15)How to apply multiple background images?
Answer: background-image: url("img1.jpg"), url("img2.jpg");

16)What happens if the background image is smaller than the element?
Answer: It repeats according to the background-repeat value.

17)What does background-size: cover do?
Answer: It scales the image to cover the entire element, possibly cropping it.

18)What does background-size: contain do?
Answer: It scales the image to fit inside the element without cropping.

19)What is the difference between background and background-image?
Answer: background is shorthand; background-image only sets the image.

20) How do you make a full-screen responsive background image?
Answer: